Feat/protocol docs (#277)
ceramicnetwork/docs: docs/protocol/accounts/object-capabilities.md

# Object Capabilities

> Ceramic streams support [CACAO](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-74.md), allowing a basic but powerful capability-based authorization system to exist. CACAO, or "chain agnostic object capabilities", are composable, transferable and verifiable containers for authorizations and encoded in IPLD.  For the full CACAO specification and more examples, reference [CAIP-74: CACAO - Chain Agnostic CApability Object](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-74.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ceramic streams support [CACAO](https://chainagnostic.org/CAIPs/caip-74), allowing a basic but powerful capability-based authorization system to exist. CACAO, or "chain agnostic object capabilities", are composable, transferable and verifiable containers for authorizations and encoded in IPLD.  For the full CACAO specification and more examples, reference [CAIP-74: CACAO - Chain Agnostic CApability Object](https://chainagnostic.org/CAIPs/caip-74).
```

```tsx
{ 
  cid: "bagcqcera2mews3mbbzs...quxj4bes7fujkms4kxhvqem2a",
  value: {
    jws: { 
      link: CID("bafyreidkjgg6bi4juwx...lb2usana7jvnmtyjb4xbgwl6e"),
      payload: "AXESIGpJjeCjiaWv...LKw6pIDQfTVrJ4SHlwmsvx", 
      signatures: [
        {
          protected: "eyJhbGciOiJFZERTQSIsImNh...GU2djZEpLTmhYSDl4Rm9rdEFKaXlIQiJ9"
          signature: "6usTYvu5KN0LFTQsWE9U-tqx...h60EgfvjL_rlAW7_tnQUl84sQyogpkLAQ"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

**Verification**

The following algorithm describes the steps required to determine if a given DagJWS with CACAO is valid:

1. Follow [DAG-JOSE specification](https://ipld.io/specs/codecs/dag-jose/spec/) to transform a given DagJWS into a JWS.
2. Follow JWS specifications to determine if the given JWS is valid. Verifying that the given signature paired with `alg` and `kid` in the protected header is valid over the given payload. If invalid, an error MUST be raised.

> 3. Resolve the given URI in `cap` parameter of the projected JWS header to a CACAO JSON object. Follow the [CAIP-74 CACAO](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-74.md) specification to determine if the given CACAO is valid. If invalid, an error MUST be raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Resolve the given URI in `cap` parameter of the projected JWS header to a CACAO JSON object. Follow the [CAIP-74 CACAO](https://chainagnostic.org/CAIPs/caip-74) specification to determine if the given CACAO is valid. If invalid, an error MUST be raised.
```
